Copyright 2014 Alterra, Wageningen-UR


Licence Agreement
=================



1. General
----------

This licence applies to the Work as defined below which is provided under 
the terms of this Licence. Any use of the Work, other than as authorised 
under this Licence is prohibited to the extent such use is covered by a 
right of the copyright holder of this work.



2. Definitions
--------------

In this Licence, the following terms have the following meaning:

- The Licence: this licence;

- The Licensor: Alterra, Wageningen-UR;

- The Licensee: any natural or legal person who makes any usage of the Work 
under the terms of the Licence;

- Contributor(s): any natural or legal person who modifies the Work under 
the Licence, or otherwise contributes to the creation of a Derivate Work;

- Distribution and/or Communication: any act of selling, giving, lending, 
renting, distributing, communicating, transmitting, or otherwise making 
available, online or offline, copies of the Work or providing access to its 
essential functionalities at the disposal of any other natural or legal 
person;

- The Work: the Original Work and/or its derivative Works;

- The Original Work: the work distributed and/or communicated by the 
Licensor under this Licence, available as Source Code and also as Executable 
Code as the case may be;

- Derivative Works: the works or software that could be created by the 
Licensee, based upon the Original Work or modifications hereof. This Licence 
does not define the extent of modification or dependence on the Original 
Work required in order to classify a work as a Derivative Work; this extent 
is determined by copyright law applicable in the country mentioned in 
Article 16 of this Licence;

- Commercial use: any profit-making, income-generating use of the work in 
any kind, whether direct or indirect;

- The Source Code: the human-readable form of the Work which is the most 
convenient for people to study and modify;

- The Executable Code: any code which has generally been compiled and which 
is meant to be interpreted by a computer as a program.



3. Scope of the rights granted by the Licence
---------------------------------------------

The Licensor hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, 
sub-licensable licence to do the following, for the duration of copyright 
vested in the Original Work:

- use the Work in any circumstance and for all usage except commercial use;

- commercial use may be agreed upon under certain conditions, which will 
have to be worked out in a separate licence agreement between the Licensor 
and the Licensee;

- reproduce the Work;

- modify the Original Work, and make Derivative Works based upon the Work;

- communicate to the public, including the right to make available or 
display the Work or copies thereof to the public and perform publicly, as 
the case may be, the Work;

- distribute the Work or copies thereof;

- lend and rent the Work or copies thereof;

- sub-license rights in the Work or copies thereof.

These rights can be exercised on any media, support and formats, whether now 
known or later invented, as far as the applicable law permits so.



4. Communication of the Source Code
-----------------------------------

The Licensor may provide the Work either in its Source Code form, or as 
Executable Code. If the Work is provided as Executable Code, the Licensor 
provides in addition a machine-readable copy of the Source Code of the Work 
along with each copy of the Work that the Licensor distributes or indicates, 
in a notice following the copyright notice attached to the Work, a 
repository where the Source Code is easily and freely accessible for long as 
the Licensor continues to distribute and/or communicate the Work.



5. Obligation of the Licencee
-----------------------------

The grant of the rights mentioned above is subject to some restrictions and 
obligations imposed on the Licensee. Those obligations are the following:

Attribution right: the Licensee shall keep intact all copyright, patent or 
trademarks notices and all notices that refer to the Licence and the 
disclaimer of warranties. The Licensee must include a copy of such notices 
and a copy of the Licence with every copy of the Work he/she distributes 
and/or communicates. The Licensee must cause any Derivative Work to carry 
prominent notices stating that the Work has been modified and the date of 
Modification.

Copyleft clause: if the Licensee distributes or communicates copies of the 
Original Works or Derivative Works, this Distribution or Communication will 
be done under the terms of this Licence or of a later version of this 
Licence unless the Original Work is expressly distributed only under this 
version of the License. The Licensee (becoming Licensor) cannot offer or 
impose any additional terms or conditions on the Work or Derivative Work 
that alter or restrict the terms of the Licence.

Provision of Source Code: When distributing and/or communicating copies of 
the Work, the Licensee will provide a machine-readable copy of the Source 
Code or indicate a repository where this Source will be easily and freely 
available for as long as the Licensee continues to distribute and/or 
communicate the Work.

Legal Protection: This Licence does not grant permission to use the trade 
names, trademarks, service marks, or names of the Licensor, expect as 
required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the 
Work and reproducing the content of the copyright notice.



6. Chain of Authorship
----------------------

The original Licensor warrants that the copyright in the Original Work 
granted hereunder is owned by him/her or licensed to him/her and that he/she 
has the power and authority to grant the Licence.

Each Contributor warrants that the copyright in the modification he/she 
brings to the Work are owned by him/her or licensed to him/her and that 
he/she has the power and authority to grant the Licence.

Each time You accept the Licence, the original Licensor and subsequent 
Contributors grant You a licence to their contributions to the Work, under 
the terms of this Licence.



7. Disclaimer of Warranty
-------------------------

The Work is a work in progress, which is continuously improved by numerous 
Contributors. It is not a finished work and may therefore contain defects or 
“bugs” inherent to this type of development.

For the reason above, the Work is provided under the Licence on an “as is” 
basis and without warranties of any kind concerning the Work, including 
without limitation merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, 
absence of defects or errors, accuracy, non-infringement of intellectual 
property rights other than copyright as stated in Article 6 if this Licence.

This disclaimer of warranty is an essential part of the Licence and a 
condition for the grant of any rights to the Work.



8. Disclaimer of Liability
--------------------------

Except in the cases of wilful misconduct or damage directly caused to 
natural persons, the Licensor will in no event be liable for any direct, or 
indirect, material or moral, damages of any kind, arising out of the Licence 
or of the use of the Work, including without limitation damages for loss of 
goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction or loss of data, 
even if the Licensor has been advised of the possibility of such damage. 
However, the Licensor will be liable under statutory product liability laws 
as far such laws apply to the Work.



9. Additional agreements
------------------------

While distributing the Original Work or Derivative Works, You may choose to 
conclude an additional agreement, defining obligations and/or services 
consistent with this Licence. However, if accepting obligations, You may act 
only on your own behalf and on your sole responsibility, not on behalf of 
the Original Licensor or any other Contributor, and only if You agree to 
indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability 
incurred by, or claims asserted against such Contributor by the fact You 
have accepted any warranty or additional liability.



10. Acceptance of the Licence
-----------------------------

The provisions of this Licence can be accepted by clicking on the button 
“Agree” placed at the bottom of a window displaying the text of this Licence 
or by affirming consent in any other similar way, in accordance with the 
rules of applicable law. Clicking on that button indicates your clear and 
irrevocable acceptance of this Licence and all of its terms and conditions.

Similarly, You irrevocably accept this Licence and all of its terms and 
conditions by exercising any rights granted to You by Article 3 of this 
Licence, such as the use of the Work, the creation by You of a Derivative 
Work or the Distribution or Communication by You of the Work or copies 
thereof.



11. Information to the public
-----------------------------

In case of any Distribution and/or Communication of the Work by means of 
electronic communication by You (for example, by offering to download the 
Work from a remote location) the distribution channel or media (for example, 
a website) must at least provide to the public the information requested by 
the applicable law regarding the Licensor, the Licence and the way it may be 
accessible, concluded, stored and reproduced by the Licensee.



12. Termination of the Licence
------------------------------

The Licence and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically 
upon any breach by the Licensee of the terms of the Licence.

Such a termination will not terminate the licences of any person who has 
receives the Work from the Licensee under the Licence, provided such persons 
remain in full compliance with the Licence.



13. Miscellaneous
-----------------

Without prejudice of Article 10 above, the Licence represents the complete 
agreement between the Parties as to the Work.

If any provision of the Licence is invalid or unenforceable under applicable 
law, this will not affect the validity or enforceability of the Licence as a 
whole. Such provision will be construed and/or reformed so as necessary to 
make it valid and enforceable.



14. Jurisdiction
----------------

Any litigation resulting from the interpretation of this Licence, arising 
between the Licensor and the Licensee, will be subject to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the competent court where the Licensor resides or conducts 
its primary business.



15. Applicable Law
------------------

This Licence shall be governed by the law of the country where the Licensor 
has his seat, resides or has his registered office.